Update index.adoc in FAQ (#2917)
adoptium/adoptium.net: content/asciidoc-pages/docs/faq/index.adoc

https://adoptium.net/slack.html[Slack] or by raising an issue in the
https://github.com/adoptium/adoptium-support[support channel].

> == What is this "Eclipse Temurin"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What is "Eclipse Temurin"?
```

Author: Done 👍

*Eclipse Adoptium* (Earlier known as AdoptOpenJDK) Project was started as a means to  promote and support free and open-source high-quality runtimes and associated technology for use across the Java ecosystem. +

> *Eclipse Adoptium Temurin* (/ˈtɛmjərɪn/), are certified high quality binary builds of OpenJDK.

Reviewer: I think it's just Eclipse Temurin

> The name Temurin is an anagram of runtime. Interestingly Temurin is also a chemical component (also known as Theacrine) that is structurally similar to caffeine but is safer for humans to consume (non-habituating effects). So a little reference to Java as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name Temurin is an anagram of runtime. Interestingly Temurin is also a chemical component (also known as Theacrine) that is structurally similar to caffeine but is safer for humans to consume (non-habituating effects). So a small nod to Java as well.
```
